Add content about how to build fullstate conflux binary (#824)
Conflux-Chain/conflux-documentation: docs/general/run-a-node/advanced-topics/node-configuration.md

```

> The Conflux Foundation currently does not provide snapshot data containing the full historical state; users need to synchronize the data themselves.

> > To run a fullstate node, you need to use a specially compiled Conflux client program. Currently, the official release does not provide it, so you need to compile it yourself. The compilation command is:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> To run a **fullstate node**, which enables querying blockchain state on any block height, you need to use a specially compiled Conflux client program. Currently, the official binary release does not enable this feature, and you need to compile it yourself. The compilation command is:
```
